# Day 28 - Week 7
## Pair Programming - Checkpoint Week
## Which principles from this weeks reading did you implement?
We attempted to implement code documentation within the source and a readme document, however, this was disturbing our workflow and ultimately decided against this early in our project. Our team did however consider UX and was overall successful in creating a simplistic user friendly interface. We tested our functionality over and over to make sure that everything was up and running before moving forward into our visuals and application CSS. This allowed us to not overcomplicate the designing aspects of application and maintain a healthy velocity during each mini sprint. 
## What went well?
Our communication and participation went really well. Our team was made up of three developers and we all found our niche within the team and supported eachother in problem solving regularly. Our team members were also greatly varying in technical skillsets as well, which contrary to our preconceived notions, was great for our productivity. If one team member lacked in an area or felt vulnerable, we made it a point to build that team member's knowledge and make sure we all understood the 'why' of what we were coding. Each team member had a strong ability to lead respectfully and communicate their ideas throught the entire project. This overall was a great team and helped me personally to advance my programming skills and confidently understand areas of weakness.
## What would you do differently?
I personally do not think there is a lot I would do differently within our group. I think we had an advantageous group dynamic and we were very fortunate to work with one another. This group project was a lot of fun and made the stress of the requirements and deadlines a lot more enjoyable. It was a blessing to consistently feel supported by my peers and make new friends. 